#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via
    #   gftools
    #   nanoemoji
    #   picosvg
afdko==4.0.2
    # via gftools
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   outcome
    #   statmake
    #   trio
    #   ufolib2
axisregistry==0.4.16
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
babelfont==3.1.3
    # via
    #   collidoscope
    #   gftools
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
beziers==0.6.0
    # via fontbakery
blackrenderer[skia]==0.6.0
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   drawbot-skia
booleanoperations==0.9.0
    # via
    #   afdko
    #   drawbot
    #   fontparts
    #   ufo2ft
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   fonttools
    #   gftools
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via bumpfontversion
bumpfontversion==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gftools
cattrs==25.1.1
    # via
    #   statmake
    #   ufolib2
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cmarkgfm
    #   cryptography
    #   pygit2
    #   pynacl
cffsubr==0.3.0
    # via ufo2ft
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
cmarkgfm==2024.11.20
    # via fontbakery
collidoscope==0.6.5
    # via fontbakery
commandlines==0.4.1
    # via ufolint
compreffor==0.5.6
    # via ufo2ft
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via pyjwt
defcon[lxml,pens]==0.12.2
    # via
    #   afdko
    #   fontbakery
    #   fontparts
    #   glyphsets
    #   mutatormath
    #   ufoprocessor
dehinter==4.0.0
    # via fontbakery
diffenator2==0.4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gftools
drawbot @ git+https://github.com/typemytype/drawbot
    # via -r requirements.in
drawbot-skia==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via gftools
filelock==3.18.0
    # via youseedee
font-v==2.1.0
    # via gftools
fontbakery[beautifulsoup4,googlefonts,googlefontsalwayslatest,shaperglot]==1.0.1
    # via gftools
fontfeatures==1.9.0
    # via gftools
fontmake[json]==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gftools
fontmath==0.9.4
    # via
    #   afdko
    #   fontmake
    #   fontparts
    #   mutatormath
    #   ufo2ft
    #   ufoprocessor
fontparts==0.13.2
    # via ufoprocessor
fontpens==0.2.4
    # via defcon
fonttools[lxml,ufo,unicode,woff]==4.59.0
    # via
    #   afdko
    #   axisregistry
    #   babelfont
    #   blackrenderer
    #   booleanoperations
    #   bumpfontversion
    #   cffsubr
    #   collidoscope
    #   compreffor
    #   defcon
    #   dehinter
    #   diffenator2
    #   drawbot
    #   drawbot-skia
    #   font-v
    #   fontbakery
    #   fontfeatures
    #   fontmake
    #   fontmath
    #   fontparts
    #   fontpens
    #   gftools
    #   glyphsets
    #   glyphslib
    #   kurbopy
    #   mutatormath
    #   nanoemoji
    #   statmake
    #   ufo2ft
    #   ufolib2
    #   ufolint
    #   ufomerge
    #   ufoprocessor
    #   vharfbuzz
    #   vttlib
freetype-py==2.3.0
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   fontbakery
future==1.0.0
    # via ffmpeg-python
gflanguages==0.7.6
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
    #   glyphsets
gfsubsets==2024.9.25
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
gftools[qa]==0.9.88
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via font-v
glyphsets==1.1.0
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
glyphslib==6.11.4
    # via
    #   bumpfontversion
    #   fontmake
    #   gftools
    #   glyphsets
h11==0.16.0
    # via wsproto
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   trio
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via gfsubsets
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
kurbopy==0.11.1
    # via collidoscope
lxml==6.0.0
    # via
    #   afdko
    #   fontfeatures
    #   fonttools
    #   nanoemoji
    #   picosvg
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
munkres==1.1.4
    # via fontbakery
mutatormath==3.0.1
    # via ufoprocessor
nanoemoji==0.15.8
    # via gftools
networkx==3.5
    # via gftools
ninja==1.11.1.4
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   gftools
    #   nanoemoji
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   blackrenderer
    #   drawbot-skia
    #   skia-python
openstep-plist==0.5.0
    # via
    #   babelfont
    #   bumpfontversion
    #   glyphslib
opentype-sanitizer==9.2.0
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
opentypespec==1.9.2
    # via fontbakery
orjson==3.11.1
    # via
    #   babelfont
    #   ufolib2
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   drawbot
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
picosvg==0.22.3
    # via nanoemoji
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   drawbot
    #   gftools
    #   nanoemoji
pip-api==0.0.34
    # via fontbakery
pngquant-cli==3.0.3
    # via nanoemoji
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   axisregistry
    #   diffenator2
    #   fontbakery
    #   gflanguages
    #   gftools
pyahocorasick==2.2.0
    # via diffenator2
pybind11==3.0.0
    # via skia-python
pycairo==1.28.0
    # via gftools
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via
    #   beziers
    #   booleanoperations
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygit2==1.16.0
    # via gftools
pygithub==2.7.0
    # via gftools
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via pygithub
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via pygithub
pyobjc==11.1
    # via drawbot
pyobjc-core==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-accessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-accounts
    #   pyobjc-framework-addressbook
    #   pyobjc-framework-adservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-adsupport
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-apptrackingtransparency
    #   pyobjc-framework-audiovideobridging
    #   pyobjc-framework-authenticationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-automaticassessmentconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-automator
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-avkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-avrouting
    #   pyobjc-framework-backgroundassets
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-businesschat
    #   pyobjc-framework-calendarstore
    #   pyobjc-framework-callkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-carbon
    #   pyobjc-framework-cfnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-classkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cocoa
    #   pyobjc-framework-collaboration
    #   pyobjc-framework-colorsync
    #   pyobjc-framework-contacts
    #   pyobjc-framework-contactsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit
    #   pyobjc-framework-corebluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-coredata
    #   pyobjc-framework-corehaptics
    #   pyobjc-framework-corelocation
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremedia
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremediaio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremidi
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreml
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremotion
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-corespotlight
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-corewlan
    #   pyobjc-framework-cryptotokenkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-datadetection
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicecheck
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicediscoveryextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-dictionaryservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecording
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui
    #   pyobjc-framework-diskarbitration
    #   pyobjc-framework-dvdplayback
    #   pyobjc-framework-eventkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-exceptionhandling
    #   pyobjc-framework-executionpolicy
    #   pyobjc-framework-extensionkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-externalaccessory
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileprovider
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileproviderui
    #   pyobjc-framework-findersync
    #   pyobjc-framework-fsevents
    #   pyobjc-framework-fskit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecontroller
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-healthkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-imagecapturecore
    #   pyobjc-framework-inputmethodkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-installerplugins
    #   pyobjc-framework-instantmessage
    #   pyobjc-framework-intents
    #   pyobjc-framework-intentsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetoothui
    #   pyobjc-framework-iosurface
    #   pyobjc-framework-ituneslibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-kernelmanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-latentsemanticmapping
    #   pyobjc-framework-launchservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-libdispatch
    #   pyobjc-framework-libxpc
    #   pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthentication
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui
    #   pyobjc-framework-mailkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaaccessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-medialibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaplayer
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediatoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-metal
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalfx
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshaders
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshadersgraph
    #   pyobjc-framework-metrickit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mlcompute
    #   pyobjc-framework-modelio
    #   pyobjc-framework-multipeerconnectivity
    #   pyobjc-framework-naturallanguage
    #   pyobjc-framework-netfs
    #   pyobjc-framework-network
    #   pyobjc-framework-networkextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-notificationcenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-opendirectory
    #   pyobjc-framework-osakit
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-passkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-pencilkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-phase
    #   pyobjc-framework-photos
    #   pyobjc-framework-photosui
    #   pyobjc-framework-preferencepanes
    #   pyobjc-framework-pushkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
    #   pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing
    #   pyobjc-framework-replaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-safariservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-safetykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-scenekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screensaver
    #   pyobjc-framework-screentime
    #   pyobjc-framework-scriptingbridge
    #   pyobjc-framework-searchkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-security
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityinterface
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityui
    #   pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-servicemanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyou
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyoucore
    #   pyobjc-framework-shazamkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-social
    #   pyobjc-framework-soundanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-speech
    #   pyobjc-framework-spritekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-storekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-symbols
    #   pyobjc-framework-syncservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemextensions
    #   pyobjc-framework-threadnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-uniformtypeidentifiers
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotifications
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-videosubscriberaccount
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-virtualization
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
    #   pyobjc-framework-webkit
pyobjc-framework-accessibility==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-accounts==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
pyobjc-framework-addressbook==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-adservices==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-adsupport==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-applescriptkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-applescriptobjc==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-applicationservices==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-apptrackingtransparency==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-audiovideobridging==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-authenticationservices==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-automaticassessmentconfiguration==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-automator==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-avfoundation==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaplayer
    #   pyobjc-framework-phase
pyobjc-framework-avkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-avrouting==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-backgroundassets==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-businesschat==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-calendarstore==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-callkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-carbon==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cfnetwork==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cinematic==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-classkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cloudkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cocoa==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-accessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-accounts
    #   pyobjc-framework-addressbook
    #   pyobjc-framework-adservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-adsupport
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-apptrackingtransparency
    #   pyobjc-framework-audiovideobridging
    #   pyobjc-framework-authenticationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-automaticassessmentconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-automator
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-avkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-avrouting
    #   pyobjc-framework-backgroundassets
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-businesschat
    #   pyobjc-framework-calendarstore
    #   pyobjc-framework-callkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-carbon
    #   pyobjc-framework-cfnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-classkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-collaboration
    #   pyobjc-framework-colorsync
    #   pyobjc-framework-contacts
    #   pyobjc-framework-contactsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit
    #   pyobjc-framework-corebluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-coredata
    #   pyobjc-framework-corehaptics
    #   pyobjc-framework-corelocation
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremedia
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremediaio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremidi
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreml
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremotion
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-corespotlight
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-corewlan
    #   pyobjc-framework-cryptotokenkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-datadetection
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicecheck
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicediscoveryextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecording
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui
    #   pyobjc-framework-diskarbitration
    #   pyobjc-framework-dvdplayback
    #   pyobjc-framework-eventkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-exceptionhandling
    #   pyobjc-framework-executionpolicy
    #   pyobjc-framework-extensionkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-externalaccessory
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileprovider
    #   pyobjc-framework-findersync
    #   pyobjc-framework-fsevents
    #   pyobjc-framework-fskit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecontroller
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-healthkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-imagecapturecore
    #   pyobjc-framework-inputmethodkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-installerplugins
    #   pyobjc-framework-instantmessage
    #   pyobjc-framework-intents
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-iosurface
    #   pyobjc-framework-ituneslibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-kernelmanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-latentsemanticmapping
    #   pyobjc-framework-libdispatch
    #   pyobjc-framework-libxpc
    #   pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthentication
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui
    #   pyobjc-framework-mailkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaaccessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-medialibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediatoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-metal
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-metrickit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mlcompute
    #   pyobjc-framework-modelio
    #   pyobjc-framework-multipeerconnectivity
    #   pyobjc-framework-naturallanguage
    #   pyobjc-framework-netfs
    #   pyobjc-framework-network
    #   pyobjc-framework-networkextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-notificationcenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-opendirectory
    #   pyobjc-framework-osakit
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-passkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-pencilkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-photos
    #   pyobjc-framework-photosui
    #   pyobjc-framework-preferencepanes
    #   pyobjc-framework-pushkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
    #   pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing
    #   pyobjc-framework-replaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-safariservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-safetykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-scenekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screensaver
    #   pyobjc-framework-screentime
    #   pyobjc-framework-scriptingbridge
    #   pyobjc-framework-security
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityinterface
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityui
    #   pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-servicemanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyoucore
    #   pyobjc-framework-shazamkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-social
    #   pyobjc-framework-soundanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-speech
    #   pyobjc-framework-spritekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-storekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-symbols
    #   pyobjc-framework-syncservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemextensions
    #   pyobjc-framework-threadnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-uniformtypeidentifiers
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotifications
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-videosubscriberaccount
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-virtualization
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
    #   pyobjc-framework-webkit
pyobjc-framework-collaboration==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-colorsync==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-contacts==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-contactsui
pyobjc-framework-contactsui==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coreaudio==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit
pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-corebluetooth==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coredata==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-syncservices
pyobjc-framework-corehaptics==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-corelocation==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
pyobjc-framework-coremedia==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
pyobjc-framework-coremediaio==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coremidi==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coreml==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
pyobjc-framework-coremotion==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coreservices==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-dictionaryservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-launchservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-searchkit
pyobjc-framework-corespotlight==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coretext==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
pyobjc-framework-corewlan==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cryptotokenkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-datadetection==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-devicecheck==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-devicediscoveryextension==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-dictionaryservices==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-discrecording==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui
pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-diskarbitration==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-dvdplayback==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-eventkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-exceptionhandling==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-executionpolicy==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-extensionkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-externalaccessory==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-fileprovider==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileproviderui
pyobjc-framework-fileproviderui==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-findersync==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-fsevents==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreservices
pyobjc-framework-fskit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gamecenter==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gamecontroller==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gamekit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-healthkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-imagecapturecore==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-inputmethodkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-installerplugins==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-instantmessage==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-intents==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-intentsui
pyobjc-framework-intentsui==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-iobluetooth==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetoothui
pyobjc-framework-iobluetoothui==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-iosurface==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-ituneslibrary==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-kernelmanagement==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-latentsemanticmapping==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-launchservices==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-libdispatch==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-libxpc==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-localauthentication==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui
pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mailkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mapkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediaaccessibility==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediaextension==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-medialibrary==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediaplayer==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediatoolbox==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metal==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalfx
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshaders
pyobjc-framework-metalfx==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metalkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshaders==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshadersgraph
pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshadersgraph==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metrickit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mlcompute==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-modelio==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-multipeerconnectivity==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-naturallanguage==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-netfs==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-network==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-networkextension==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-notificationcenter==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-opendirectory==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-osakit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-oslog==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-passkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-pencilkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-phase==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-photos==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-photosui==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-preferencepanes==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-pushkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-quartz==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-accessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-avkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-instantmessage
    #   pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-medialibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-modelio
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing
    #   pyobjc-framework-safetykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-scenekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-spritekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-replaykit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-safariservices==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-safetykit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-scenekit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-screensaver==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-screentime==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-scriptingbridge==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-searchkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-security==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthentication
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityinterface
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityui
pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-securityinterface==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-securityui==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-servicemanagement==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyou==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyoucore==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyou
pyobjc-framework-shazamkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-social==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-soundanalysis==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-speech==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-spritekit==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit
pyobjc-framework-storekit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-symbols==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-syncservices==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-systemconfiguration==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-systemextensions==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-threadnetwork==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-uniformtypeidentifiers==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-usernotifications==11.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui
pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-videosubscriberaccount==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-virtualization==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-vision==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-webkit==11.1
    # via pyobjc
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via vttlib
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-bidi==0.4.2
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   drawbot-skia
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via strictyaml
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
    #   glyphsets
regex==2025.7.34
    # via nanoemoji
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
    #   glyphsets
    #   pygithub
    #   youseedee
resvg-cli==0.44.0
    # via nanoemoji
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
rstr==3.2.2
    # via stringbrewer
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via gftools
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
selenium==4.34.2
    # via diffenator2
sh==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shaperglot==1.0.2
    # via fontbakery
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-bidi
    #   python-dateutil
skia-pathops==0.8.0.post2
    # via
    #   collidoscope
    #   gftools
    #   picosvg
skia-python==138.0
    # via
    #   blackrenderer
    #   drawbot-skia
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sre-yield==1.2
    # via stringbrewer
statmake==1.1.0
    # via gftools
strictyaml==1.7.3
    # via gftools
stringbrewer==0.0.1
    # via fontbakery
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   gftools
    #   glyphsets
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   nanoemoji
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   afdko
    #   collidoscope
    #   diffenator2
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
ttfautohint-py==0.6.0
    # via gftools
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   cattrs
    #   pygithub
    #   selenium
ufo2ft[cffsubr,compreffor]==3.6.0
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   fontmake
    #   nanoemoji
ufolib2[json]==0.18.1
    # via
    #   babelfont
    #   bumpfontversion
    #   fontmake
    #   glyphslib
    #   nanoemoji
    #   ufomerge
    #   vttlib
ufolint==1.2.0
    # via fontbakery
ufomerge==1.9.5
    # via
    #   babelfont
    #   gftools
ufonormalizer==0.6.2
    # via afdko
ufoprocessor==1.13.3
    # via afdko
uharfbuzz==0.51.1
    # via
    #   blackrenderer
    #   collidoscope
    #   diffenator2
    #   drawbot-skia
    #   fontbakery
    #   vharfbuzz
unicodedata2==15.1.0
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   drawbot-skia
    #   fontbakery
    #   glyphsets
unidecode==1.4.0
    # via gftools
urllib3[socks]==2.5.0
    # via
    #   pygithub
    #   requests
    #   selenium
vharfbuzz==0.3.1
    # via
    #   fontbakery
    #   gftools
vttlib==0.12.0
    # via gftools
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
youseedee==0.5.3
    # via
    #   diffenator2
    #   glyphsets
zopfli==0.2.3.post1
    # via
    #   fonttools
    #   nanoemoji

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
